gary
why haven't you said anything about
rishi sanak
yeah rishi sanak
recently
yeah so um
obviously rishi sanak
man of the people one of my uh most
mentioned names on this channel um
it's been in the news a lot recently
um
so people who've been following the
stuff that i do will know that i talk
about richard synack a lot
um he's raised tax on ordinary people
um he's resided over the biggest ever
increasing millionaire billionaire
wealth um
and now he's getting a lot of negative
press and i'm getting a lot of calls
from the media asked me to talk about it
and
i haven't said anything i haven't got
any of the media
and um
the reason that i haven't done any media
which is sonak is
is basically because i i don't really
care to be honest about
about rishi sunak personally about
richard sinak's wife
about richardson tax affairs his wife's
tax affairs his father-in-law's tax
effects right
the reason i got one on about rishi
sanak
is because
his policies
his government's policies
are
about
to force half of this country
into
[__] poverty right that's why i go on
another back which is synagogue right um
i never met richard senator i don't know
she said i might be a really nice guy
for what i know all right
the reason i got wanted on about rishi
sunak is because of what has happened to
this country and it's and it's his name
on the policies right because he's the
chancellor all right um
and
now we've just looked all over the press
and he's become suddenly very unpopular
and there's a good chance that he's
going to get pushed out
and those policies are going to stay
you know what i mean
right so
i can go on sky news and i can go on
talk radio and i can be like yeah i told
you so she said like it's a [__] or
whatever right
it's not going to change those policies
right and if you don't gets pushed out
or gets sidelined or gets taken out as
chancellor which looks like it's very
possible it might happen
don't get distracted right
look at the money right look at the
policies right are they
are they cutting your taxes in order to
work in person well no they're raising
your taxes right are they doing the only
thing we actually need to do which is
raise tax on the super rich
that's not going to happen right so
whether richard sunak stays or
richardson that goes or whether
richardson's wife pays tax in india or
pays tax in this country or pays tax in
the cayman islands or doesn't pay tax
anywhere
what matters is are you bankrupting the
people of this country or not you know
what i mean and
my concern is
we get dragged into this sort of title
title and it becomes like an episode of
coronation street you know what i mean
and it suddenly becomes about
personalities and individuals
and we allow ourselves to get dragged
into the gossip of it basically
and in the meantime
the government
is continually cut attacks on the super
rich and making life worse for ordinary
people right um
so that's why i haven't spoken about it
because
you know
i don't want this
channel to be about this sort of typical
politics stuff where it's just like oh
this guy's a dick that guy's a [__]
right this channel is about why can't
your kids get houses why can't you get a
good job you know what i mean and
richard sonic is a part of that but
efficient that goes and that keeps
happening then the problem isn't solved
right you know what i'm saying
but look this is what i'll say about
the thing itself okay when the news came
out richardson's wife is a non-dom
i wasn't surprised because i knew she
didn't ex-wife isn't undone and that's
not because i know sooner or i know
she's an ex-wife it's because i know
that these guys are billionaires
and that billionaires
are non-doms right it's it's
i think people need to understand right
richardson's wife is not the exception
right
which is your ex-wife is exactly what
all of the richest people in this
country are doing which is paying very
little tax and
it's not even really about
these guys are not jumping through hoops
right first of all these people are not
rich these people are unbelievably
incredibly ridiculously rich okay you
know it's in the newspapers i'm rich
okay i'm rich enough that i can quit my
job around a youtube channel and
still live like a decent life and maybe
have a family one day you know i mean
that's how rich i am these guys are a
thousand times richer than me okay
that's how much these guys get paid
10 20 million pounds a year for just for
getting out of bed just from how rich
they are you know and that's risky sonic
and his wife is probably five six times
as rich you know what i mean so
these guys are crazy crazy crazy rich
they have whole teams that manage their
tax affairs and the teams will optimize
optimize their tax affairs so they don't
pay tax you know what i mean and um this
is totally totally totally normal right
and hopefully in the next couple of
months we're going to have steph robbie
on the channel who is the tax adviser
what was a tax advisor to very wealthy
people
and she'll say the same thing which is
look this is just this is the normal way
that extremely wealthy people manage
their taxes they manage their
investments and finances so they don't
pay tax so was i surprised no and and
the fact i'm not surprised is also the
reason why i don't want to focus on
these individuals because the problem is
not an individual risky snack right the
problem is not an individual which is an
ex-wife
the whole billionaire class is doing
this the whole billionaire classes is
paying very very little tax especially
as a percentage of their income right
so they're all doing it
what you should take from that is that
everybody's doing it um
and
if richard said that goes i don't think
that's that's a victory because it's not
a victory will be if wealth inequality
starts decreasing if housing starts
becoming more affordable and more
obtainable for ordinary families that
will be a victory
so it's not about individual people and
actually
in one way if richardson goes it will be
a shame
because rishi sunak is literally a
member of one of the wealthiest families
in the world right of a super
billionaire family okay and to have one
of the richest people in the world if we
take this whole family
being the guy who is
pushing half the country into poverty
another 20 percent taking their entire
disposable income and presiding over the
biggest ever increase in millionaire
billion in their world what that does
is highlight how grotesque is what is
happening and make it more obvious and
make it more disgusting you know i mean
normally these guys
are in the
behind the scenes owning the newspapers
you know what i mean or funding the pies
and you don't see their names on it and
the politicians themselves whilst
they're rich they're not super rich and
they can say we're doing it for the
country but here we have a literal
billionaire doing it you know what i
mean and it highlights what is actually
happening which is that there is a
billionaire class
that is stripping away our government
services and taking our houses and our
assets and putting us into debt you know
what i mean so um having wishes
there it's actually good because it it
it's taken the blindfold off and i look
this is what's happening here you know
what i mean the billionaires are taking
your stuff
and
yeah normally it's more complicating
that you know they fund think tanks to
you know legitimize ideas that you
shouldn't tax rich people you know what
i mean are they fund economists or they
fund politicians or they own newspapers
you know what i mean but here you
actually have the billionaire coming out
and just doing it himself you know what
i mean so
in a way you know
if rishi goes it will be a shame because
rishi being there is the number one
advertisement what the [__] is happening
here which is the billionaires are
taking everything and that's why you
can't afford to eat you know what i mean
that's the truth
so um
this is the only thing i'll say about
richard shanac's personal affairs i will
keep talking about his policy and i'll
keep saying that he's a billionaire
because you need to understand
that if this guy is a billionaire
when he's deciding who's the tax
billionaires are you that is going to
influence his decision you know what i
mean like
it would be ridiculous to believe
otherwise you know what i mean look
richard's father was one of the richest
people in the world do you think he
doesn't speak to him
and what do you think his father-in-law
says when he talks about okay what are
you gonna do for tax policy you know
what i mean you think he has any
interest in that you know that money
will go dirichlets kids you know what i
mean if we look at actual behavior of
super wealthy people their general
behavior and it's not all of them but
the vast majority of them is to simply
focus relentlessly on maximizing the
wealth of their kids okay
so
do you think wichita is going to do that
you know the vast majority of very
wealthy people do that you know so if
you are a billionaire and you are in
government
perhaps just perhaps your priority as
individual is going to be how can i
maneuver this policy so it's as kind as
possible to billionaires
and you know we'll talk about what that
does to ordinary people in another video
but um
this is my my single statement you know
nothing personal against fish tonight
it's about the policy it's about the
policy it's about who has the money it's
about the distribution it's about the
economy it's about whether or ordinary
people can have houses and good jobs and
financial security and that is about the
economic policy so if a viciousness
stays organized goes listen that this is
this is this is coronation street
nonsense okay this is schoolboy stuff
okay focus on the policy follow the
money don't run by the individual people
you keep watching the channel which
camera i'm looking at all of it yeah
yeah that's it
and also rishi you know i'm sorry for
keeping making it about you you know
i would love to talk to you send me a
message comment down below everyone else
is doing it
well actually you've just said that you
it's good that he's in power so you're
you're clear he's my boy man he's my
voice and i like to billionaire just
take the mask off for once and just
directly rob everyone yeah
so it's intentionally designed national
insurance so that very rich people pay a
very low percent
there is one other thing they can do
with that mass amount of income
they can buy your mom's house
[Music]